---
title: "Okay...guys in new york don't go to hispanic beauty salons..."
date: "2004-06"
original_url: "http://www.stoodio.com/blog/2004/06/okayguys-in-new-york-dont-go-to.html"
wayback_url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20041102192106/http://www.stoodio.com:80/blog/archive/2004_06_01_archive.html"
source: "stoodio.com"
---

# Okay...guys in new york don't go to hispanic beauty salons...

okay...being that my mother is a hairdresser...and my aunt owns a salon. i grew up in beauty salons. so today...i go to get a haircut...naturally at a beauty salon. i walked in the door of the first place...and apparently they are too cool to give fads. i walked in the guy handed me a price list...and a fade for me...was going to be 40 bucks. now i'm no cheap skate...i don't mind paying more...and tipping more...cause thats what my momma does...but that's rediculous. the chick also wasn't very nice. she was like: we don't do fads...the people from the neighborhood always want that...i guess saying that the ghetto folk love their fades...but then on top of that she says " you'll leave here with more style than you have right now" so anyway...i left that place and walked around the block to another beauty salon. the next one...was nothing but hispanic women...and they all turned and looked at my like WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING IN HERE? i asked if anyone can do a haircut today...they looked around...and were like...ummm....yeah...around 5. i was like...umm...can i make an appointment then. as they all start whispering about me. i feel weird but i don't care. i need a damn haircut. so i go home...wait show back up. and they all look at me weird again. so i straight up ask "I guess guys out here don't go to beauty salons?" the lady next to me looked at me...and says "no comment." i can only think...she thought i was gay. oh well...i could care less. so anyway...on top of finding out that guys don't go to beauty salons...i also realized that no spanish origin woman in new jersey or new york...are going to date me...because i don't speak spanish. i'm half mexican and half white...and my grandparents were teaching me when i was little but i kept figuring out when i was getting in trouble so they stopped. anyway...flash back. a couple of weeks ago i met this girl. gorgeous puerto rican chick after we left this club. we talked a couple of time...and i though everthing was going good...you know that about to actually start going out on dates now that i know you phase. and right before...she finds out i don't speak spanish. NEVER CALLS BACK. now back to today...the first thing the woman cutting my hair says is: do you speak spanish. no...i replied. as she shakes her head in disgust...she says: okay then. and proceeds to cut my hair. basically after that there was no real conversation. so yeah...I DON'T SPEAK SPANISH...get over it. i'm a nice guy with a spanish background. if it's that important. teach it to me. Regardless...i got a great haircut today. so whateva. good times...oh this is fucking funny as hell:Milk and Cereal
